christian is called by update de with the
first child the asus padfone infiniti
which was also due to a few hours
asus here at the mwc in barcelona
it is again a combigerät presented
consisting of pet forum that's me
So I learned the smartphone and
ipad from station namely the
actual tablet and combined
Of course, then it makes one unit
and can put the padfone in the pad of
station insert and get thus
a full-fledged tablet as you like it
already from pat of 1 or the padfone 2
However, we were also here again
the whole data polished that is called
comes with a better equipment
a faster cpu and of course, too
with a better display and test
I'll just start with that
padfone because this is really that
the heart of the device itself
diagonal of the current padfone feels
which is 5 inches dissolves with full hd
is a great apps plus as a super
ips panel means that means you have a lot
high viewing angles the colors
become really lifelike
reproduced and at first glance
is it really brilliant?
as pixel clear around the 440 bb achieved
which means that really everyone
single pixel no longer for
the human eye is visible
currently running to android 4.1 point 2
but we were assured that android
4.2 will be available at market launch
and driven by the whole of one
snapdragon 600 cdu with 17 gigahertz so
the newest of the new ones on the
market is and it really looks very
very good in contrast to the predecessor
you do not have this wedge shape here anymore
but the silhouette is actually
very simple
On the back you have an aluminum
finish that means here is really
Aluminum has not been used
only aluminum look as you would for
example of samsung calls but
it really is all pure trouble
the weight is 141 came the whole so
unbelievably around the 86 and 87 mm thick
so its about the same as one
galaxy s2 and it really feels
very good for a 5 inch device
It is very good for a opinion in the hand
and with the now easy again to
this will give you the remaining data
I have to show in the upper area
of course the front camera with the
earpiece next to it in the lower area
I have three buttons namely capacitive
button the homebutton for multitasking
button probably nothing right now
highlighted and jenson button on the
bottom I have the micro usb port
where it is also something
differentiates because this connection is
yes also for the pad of station thought
and of course you can do that too
this padfone indepence station
sync then we have one more
small microphone on the right side
is the rocker for volume
up and down the power button and
a speaker and that's the one too
only speaker installed here
has been
because on the opposite side is
exactly at this height the sim card slot
and here comes a nano in the first time
straight to the employment like one already it already
So from iphone 5 , that's the second one
device with a nano are on the
Back was a 13 megapixel camera
integrated with a f20 dazzle the
means here can really a lot
Light invade and bind at
darkness can be good
then we take another led
flash and that's it
design is really very clear
kept up with some interruptions
here in the lower area as the case
are the antennas housed there
but otherwise it was on the
top we still have the 3 5 mm
jack plug for the headphones and
otherwise there is nothing left
The surface runs bubble typical like
you already know it from the predecessors
very fluid and here there is
really no delay at all
Generally this is very much the new
android that this one interesting
which one also knows a lot from the nexus basis
refine that with 1 2 widgets though
otherwise it is really relatively clear
structured what I just ever
if you have the padfone in the
station comes in an instant
change to the tray and this
tablet eee pad from station has
Meanwhile, a full-HD display
that means only 1080p on what
The predecessor still criticized
that would solve you with 280 x 800 believe
me up and meanwhile you have too
here a full hd ips panel installed
brightness is about 400 not
that means you can also go under
solar radiation still relative
work properly with the tablet and
you also see under our conditions
here it is reasonably good and
Here, too, are the perspectives
still be very good because it is also one
ips-panel was asus here at his
devices installed
the pad of station has very little
connections only loose the ball
Then we have a microphone here
the power button on the back
of course then the integrated petrol where
I then in this combination
can shoot with pictures and only one
speakers in the lower right area
I have the micro-usb port
Of course, the device to load
the device will be in 32 and 64
gigabytes live from around the 999
but mostly become euro or us dollar
the 11 are unfair then is then
really in the high-priced segment
settled is a support and
via micro sd is not available here
that is when he comes for you for one
Decisions are 32 or 64 gigabytes
memory is 2gb here too
above we have a front camera for
video calling but i think
maybe only a few will be here
otherwise the device is really useful
very nice what irritates me something like that
Here is the different surfaces
Here you will find an aluminum
at the penn station here just such a
slightly rubberized surface as well
taken at the predecessor and in the reason
this pad is from station to the
except for the resolution of the display yet
very identical to that of the predecessor
that was it with our first hands-on
Thank you very much from Infiniti's pad
for us to see a thumbs up like
We would always be very happy and we
We'll definitely see each other well again at night